#25168 Microsoft Calendar O365 README > Split out admin content to child pages (#344)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-mscalendar: README.md

## Help Wanted tickets can be found [here](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-mscalendar/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+label%3A%22up+for+grabs%22+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+sort%3Aupdated-desc).

## Contents

- [Overview](#overview)
- [Features](#features)
- [Admin Guide](#admin-guide)

## Overview

> This plugin supports a two-way integration between Mattermost and Microsoft Outlook Calendar. For a stable production release, please download the latest version from the Plugin Marketplace and follow [these instructions](./docs/admin-guide.md#configuration) to install and configure the plugin.

Reviewer: We actually recently removed this plugin from the marketplace. We can instead say something like this:

```suggestion
This plugin supports a two-way integration between Mattermost and Microsoft Outlook Calendar. For a stable production release, please download the latest version from the [releases page](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-mscalendar/releases) and follow [these instructions](./docs/admin-guide.md#configuration) to install and configure the plugin.
```

@fmartingr The "latest" release is a pre-release called `v1.0.0-rc1`. Should we keep this release around?
